Yo, Bestie!

Please don’t go anywhere. I genuinely don’t know what I would do without you on my team, holding my hand through all the good decisions, and even a few of the bad. (Let’s not talk about those … )

You’ve been both a rock and a guiding star to me, although not always guiding me down all of the appropriate paths. Every giggle was worth it, though; the two of us creating memories that re no doubt going to last us a lifetime.

Whatever happens, wherever we find ourselves and whomever we met, let’s just always stay in touch, yeah? It would be weird not to have you around now!

Good morning, best friend, I hope you have a great day.

I know you’ve been having a tough time of things lately, but I just wanted you to know that I think you’re one of the coolest people in the whole world. (You can’t be THE coolest because our coolness is equally matched.)

Chin up, bestie. I’ll be here if you need me, whether it’s to throw tissues at you to mop up the tears, throw my arms around you when you need a really big hug, or just to listen when you need to rant and scream. I’ll always be there, just like you’re always there for me. 

I hope things get better for you, but I’m right here either way. 

Love you! 

To my friend,

Bill Withers once said, “Lean on me, when you’re not strong. And I’ll be your friend. I’ll help you carry on.”

I’ve never had a relationship or friendship where I found I could lean on that person wholeheartedly, but that changed when you entered my life. You have allowed me to lean on you and, in return, I will always allow you to lean on me. I will be your friend. I will help you carry on.

We’ll suffer many problems over the years, I’m sure. We’ll have bad breakups. We might even fall out ourselves too. Just remember, though; I know too much about you and you know too much about me, haha! I’m just playing around with you. I would NEVER tell your secrets, and I trust you enough to know that you can say the same.

Thank you for being the person who makes me laugh, wipes away my tears, and secretly helps me to plot revenge on all bad boyfriends. You’re the best!

Sometimes, a person will enter your life who will change it like no other. That person won’t be a relative, although will seem like they are a family member at times, and maybe even better than that. That person won’t be a lover or a partner either. That person will last the distance; better than a lover. They’ll be the person you actually want to run to when the going gets tough, rather than the one you are forced to run to because of a blood tie. They’ll be the person that you can’t wait to call or text when good or exciting things happen, a true test — surviving and sticking together through both the good times and the bad. 

You’re THAT person. The person I WANT to run to and share my celebrations with. My biggest cheerleader, my most loyal confidant, my best friend. 

Nothing hurts me more than the miles we have between us. How I wish that you were by my side right now, my love!

Look right into my eyes and see the love I have for you. You were the only one in my heart and now I cannot live without you.

Dear, I never imagined that something like this would ever happen to us. You are the love of my life. I wish you could forever stay with me.

I thought I could not love anyone as much as I loved you. But now, I think I could not get hurt by anyone as much as I got from you.

You hurt me over and over but I keep coming back to feel the warmth of your love. Because even when you cause me pain, you are worth it!

It hurts to love you, but I can never get enough of loving you. With eyes full of tears, I will keep waiting for you.

It’s hard to pretend you love someone when you don’t but its harder to pretend that you don’t love someone when you really do.

When It’s clear that you don’t feel the same way for me, the problem is that as much as I can’t force you to love me, I can’t force myself to stop loving you.

A million words wouldn’t bring you back, I know because I tried. Neither would a million tears, I know because I’ve cried.

These tears that I cry may mean nothing to anyone anymore but I still manage to overcome all those sad sorrows that lay beneath my skin.

Sometimes It’s better to move forward someone away not because you have stopped loving that someone… But because you have to shield yourself from PAIN..

Love is like an ice cube, the harder you hold on to it, the faster it will disappear all you’ll have in your hand will be tears of crushed love.

Falling in love with you was like holding a candle. At first, it lit up the world around me. Then it started melting and hurting. In the end, it went off and everything is now darker than ever and all I am left with is the… Burn!

A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than to hurt yourself trying to put it back together.

Thousands of happiness can’t remove one pain in the heart. But one pain can remove thousands of happiness in heart.

No matter how hard I try to make you happy in the end It’s never good enough because I always end up hurting.

When I realized we will not be together, the pain and sorrow flooded my heart and I am drowning still.

I cry for the times that you were almost mine. I cry for the memories I’ve left behind. I cry for the pain, the lost, the old, the new. I cry for the times I thought I had you.

We have to hurt in order to know, fall in order to grow, lose in order to gain because all of life’s lessons are taught through pain.

You hurt me so badly, You even made me cry all I ever wanted was for you to love me for you to give me a try!

I was positive I was in love with you I was positive it was true What the heck am I supposed to do You broke my heart in two?

You’re the first person who broke my heart. For the rest of my life, you will always be the one who hurt me the most. Don’t forget that.

It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.

Some day you will miss me as I missed you so much, You will cry for me as I cried for you many times, You will need me as I needed you most, You will love me so much, but… then I won’t love you again…!

You promised to take care of me but you hurt me; you promised me joy but you gave me tears; you promised me your Love but you gave me Pain!

If someone makes you miserable more than they make you happy, it doesn’t matter how much you love him, you need to let them go.

It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return, but what hurts more is to love someone, and never find the courage to let them know how you feel.

Destiny was asleep when I and you met our other half’s, only to wake up when we could not change much about us! Where were you when he said ‘Please’ to me and where was I when she said ‘yes’ to you?

If he makes you lose your family, lose your friends, lose your confidence, or lose your happiness, then you need to lose him.

Generally we believe our memory is weak. But only when we want to forget someone whom we loved a lot, we begin to realize how powerful our memory is…

I don’t want the way you treat me. You really don’t know how much I love in the heart. Whenever you tell bad words I feel like it’s my time to die.

Love? he asked himself, giving no sense of recognition for that word in the dictionary of his mind. It was the only battle he had lost in life, the only thing that had been snatched away from him, before he could even claim it.